Du Feiyun, you are such a waste
Even this little thing can be messed up
If Du Chen reports the matter to Xunbos
I'll tell you what.
Even I can't keep you kitten
Don't blame me this time
Du Chen, he calculated me, isn't it 1 billion?
What you need to consider is how to deal with Du Chen
Now everyone in the company is bowing down to Du Chen
If this continues
The Du Group will belong to him sooner or later
Okay, so what do we do now?
Tomorrow, the talented and beautiful will hold a signing ceremony
Only if we sign the talented and beautiful
To deal with Du Chen
Du Chen
Wait until I sign the talented and beautiful woman tomorrow
I will never forgive you.
Mr. Du's family's 1 billion funds
It has been credited to your account.
This is Yoyo's live stream this week.
80 million in total
80 million is enough to rival most leading live streaming hosts
Remember our previous bet?
Mr. Du, I admit
Yoyo General does have the strength to match the talents and beauties
But I don't think the talented and beautiful will lose to him
And so far
I didn't find the Bowley incident you mentioned.
You really are not giving up.
There are only two days left in a month
We'll see you then